hello everyone this
short of a review of the Ford GT Concept
made by mato max this is the 124th scale
version of the model it is one of the
few choices you have for this car in
this scale and pretty much in any other
scale of us certainly because it is not
very much popular but it should have
been overall the model is quite nice for
this scale pretty much typical stuff but
it does features the iconic doors which
is a very nice touch the interior is
also pretty nice
the seats are nicely modelled the
dashboard also features everything
Europe come to know from this car the
wheels are a bit modest to say the least
but this is a budget 124 model so not
too really much what more you can ask
for it from it I'm sorry the back is
nice there is an opening engine bay the
engine is normal stuff nothing much but
it is above the other average for this
scale this is a metal which is nice
usually the separate pieces are plastic
but here Talisa metal snaps very well in
place you can really tell the TV's
removable which is also good the
underside and absolutely nothing to see
but you usually don't see this anyway we
take a look at this and this does its
job if you want to check out more of it
or other models click on the links in
description box and visit our site
thanks